 - Festival

En_Hy 1

En_Hy 2

En_Hy 3
(Day)
"Hey kid! Hope you're having fun at the festival! Everyone else sure is!"
                    SET_INFTABLE(INFTABLE_10A);
                    
                    if (GET_INFTABLE(INFTABLE_10A))
                    "What, you're wondering why I'm not enjoying the games? I just don't like the atmosphere, that's all. There's no particular reason..."
                    	SET_INFTABLE(INFTABLE_10B);
                    	
                    		if (GET_INFTABLE(INFTABLE_10B))
                    		"...Everyone else has been ignoring me this whole time, but you keep talking to me. You must be a nice guy. Hey, come see me later, if you're still around. I think I can trust you." 
                    			SET_INFTABLE(INFTABLE_10D);
                    				"Come see me later."

(Night)
"What are you still doing here? Everyone else has left already. You should leave, too."
	if (GET_INFTABLE(INFTABLE_10D))
	"...So you're still here, I see. Listen, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I used to work here. I really don't like this place. Even the locals talk about some scary stories. Perhaps you've heard? One is a scary story that parents tell their children about a creature called The Taker whom takes them into the woods, never to return. I dunno if it's true, but there definitely are some strange things going on here...rumors of people disappearing, then seeing them in the forest later, but their faces aren't really their faces...
	...
	Let me give you something.
	I don't even know why I still have it. What you choose to do with this is up to you. If I were you, I would throw it far away and forget everything I just told you. Either way, I don't want it anymore, so please take it."
	
	
	if (GET_INFTABLE(INFTABLE_))
	"What you choose to do with that key is up to you. Choose wisely."
	
	

En_Hy 5

En_Hy 6
"Come one, come all! See if you can make it to the end of the maze for a prize!"

En_Hy 7
"Hello kid! If you've had enough fun at the festival, you can walk right through here to head back home. Hope we'll see you next year, too!"

En_Hy 8
"Have you seen my son? I can't find him anywhere! I told him not to go into the forest!"

En_Hy 9

En_Hy 11

En_Hy 12
"Step right up! Enter the shooting range tent, and see if you can win a prize! Don't forget to open this chest for a slingshot!"

En_Tg 

Impa

Zelda
"Link!! Thank you so much for joining me for the Masca Festival!! I'll catch up with you in a bit, Link. Go ahead and play some of the games for now, and see if you can win a prize for us!"




(Some NPC)




 - Forest
 
 Zelda
"This forest is scary!
...But, I know I'm safe as long as I'm with you, Link.
Thank you for staying close by me."



 - Lab
Checkable spot 1 (Message ID 62)
"A long held belief connected to the Masca Festival is that there is a creature around here called 'The Taker'. Many believe it's just a superstition, however we can now confirm that it definitely exists. As far as what exactly 'it' is will require more research..."

Checkable spot 2 (Message ID 63)
"'Masca' - Latin
Meaning spectre, nightmare, mask. (It would appear the original meaning held the idea of concealing one's face to protect from a monster.)"

Checkable spot 3 (Message ID 64)
"The Taker has been around for a lot longer than anyone here realizes. Stories around it go back 100s of years. We're not entirely sure where it came from, but it would seem to not be of Earth..."

Checkable spot 4 (Message ID 65)
"Opened up on the screen are some research notes:
'...the object had reappeared on the Princeton’s Aegis SPY 1 radar at our CAP point. This...was far superior in performance to my brand-new F/A-18F and did not operate with any of the known aerodynamic principles that we expect...'"

Checkable spot 5 (Message ID 66)


Checkable spot 6 (Message ID 67)


Checkable spot 7 (Message ID 68)
"The Taker had a different name originally. It was called the 'Face Stealer'. Our research indicates that the creature takes the face of those it comes in contact with, and keeps the original host in its 'den', gradually drawing energy from them, until the host itself becomes a macabre creature, desperately trying to get it's face back from anyone they happen upon. We've captured some of these 'hosts', and are hoping to study them to learn more about the Face Stealer. Our superiors say that the ends justifies the means. Whatever this alien creature is, we must do whatever we can to contain it. Before it's too late..."

Checkable spot 8 (Message ID 69)
"...Is anyone still here? To anyone reading this, GET OUT IMMEDIATELY!! Most of our research assistants have become creatures themselves. The Face Stealer is too powerful. I keep calling the emergency line, but no one is answering. I hear a noise...please, if anyone is there, come help me befo"


Checkable spot 9

Checkable spot 10

Checkable spot 11

Checkable spot 12

Checkable spot 13

Checkable spot 14

Checkable spot 15



